All password optional java guides (#3633)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/pwd-optional-widget-sign-in-email/main/java/integrationsteps.md

> The following code defines an endpoint that receives the `OTP` and `state` values from the magic link. If `state` is null or `IDX_CLIENT_CONTEXT` is not present in session state, the code assumes the callback has not come from the same browser and prompts the user accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code defines an endpoint that receives the `OTP` and `state` values from the magic link. If `state` is null or `IDX_CLIENT_CONTEXT` isn't present in session state, the code assumes the callback hasn't come from the same browser and prompts the user accordingly.
```

Author: @susanharper-okta Gah - keep forgetting contractions.

> The following code defines an endpoint that receives the `OTP` and `state` values from the magic link. If `state` is null or `IDX_CLIENT_CONTEXT` is not present in session state, the code assumes the callback has not come from the same browser and prompts the user accordingly.

Reviewer 2: "... prompts the user accordingly" - Where is the prompt in the sample code for this step?

> If successful, the `OTP` and `state` values are passed to the Widget with the rest of its configuration details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If successful, the `OTP` and `state` values are passed to the widget with the rest of its configuration details.
```

Author: fixed

   // Check for IDX_CLIENT_CONTEXT in session state and state parameter
   // If either are null, prompt user to enter code in original browser

   String issuer = oktaOAuth2Properties.getIssuer();
   String orgUrl = new URL(new URL(issuer), "/").toString();

   ModelAndView mav = new ModelAndView("login");
   mav.addObject(STATE, state);
   mav.addObject(OTP, otp);
   mav.addObject(SCOPES, oktaOAuth2Properties.getScopes());
   mav.addObject(OKTA_BASE_URL, orgUrl);
   mav.addObject(OKTA_CLIENT_ID, oktaOAuth2Properties.getClientId());
   mav.addObject(INTERACTION_HANDLE, idxClientContext.getInteractionHandle());
   mav.addObject(CODE_VERIFIER, idxClientContext.getCodeVerifier());
   mav.addObject(CODE_CHALLENGE, idxClientContext.getCodeChallenge());
   mav.addObject(CODE_CHALLENGE_METHOD, CODE_CHALLENGE_METHOD_VALUE);
   mav.addObject(REDIRECT_URI,
      request.getScheme() + "://" + request.getServerName() + ":" +
      request.getServerPort() + request.getContextPath() + "/authorization-code/callback"
   );
   mav.addObject(ISSUER_URI, issuer);
   session.setAttribute(CODE_VERIFIER, idxClientContext.getCodeVerifier());
   return mav;
}
```

> > **Note**: For more information on magic links and OTP, including customizations and complete user journeys, see [Email Magic Links Overview](/docs/guides/email-magic-links-overview/main/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: For more information on magic links and OTP, including customizations and complete user journeys, see [Email Magic Links overview](/docs/guides/email-magic-links-overview/main/).
```

### 4. Your app handles an authentication success response

After the user successfully verifies their identity, Identity Engine sends an interaction code in a query parameter to `${signInRedirectURI}`. For example, `http://localhost:8080/?interaction_code=2JFmObNY8snovJP6_UK5gI_l7RQ-....`

Create an endpoint that calls your custom authorization server and exchanges the interaction code for access tokens. The user has now signed in.

```java
@GetMapping("/")
public String home(
   @RequestParam(name = "error", required = false) String error,
   @RequestParam(name = "interaction_code", required = false) String interactionCode,
   @RequestParam(name = "state", required = false) String state,
   HttpSession session) {

>    if (interactionCode != null && state != null) {

Reviewer 2: There is a prompt here but it's not called out in the step's description. What does it do?

Author: Not sure what you mean Rob. This is the code that sends the interaction code offf to exchange for an access token.
